# Bellabeat-Case-Study
A capstone project of the Google data analytics Certification 

# Context
Data Analysis Case Study for Google Data Analytics Certification - Bellabeat. Preparing a data analysis for a high-tech manufacturer of health-focused products for women,  in order to help them become a larger player in the global smart device market.

# Project Overview
As a data analyst working in the marketing analyst team, my goal was to focus on one of Bellabeat’s products and analyze smart device data to gain insight into how consumers are using their smart devices. These insights will help guide the company's marketing strategy.

First we will try to analyze smart device usage data in order to gain insight into how consumers use non-Bellabeat smart devices.Then we will select one Bellabeat product to apply these insights to in your presentation. These questions
These are the qestions that will guide our analysis:
1. What are some trends in smart device usage?
2. How could these trends apply to Bellabeat customers?
3. How could these trends help influence Bellabeat marketing strategy? 

# Dataset: 
The data can be found here: https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/arashnic/fitbit
-FitBit Fitness Tracker Data (CC0: Public Domain, dataset made available through Mobius)
-This dataset generated by respondents to a distributed survey via Amazon Mechanical Turk between 03.12.2016-05.12.2016. 
-Thirty eligible Fitbit users consented to the submission of personal tracker data, including minute-level output for physical activity, heart rate, and sleep monitoring.
# Github architecture
The repository contains:
- The project presentation
- The R notebook "Data_Cleaning&Preprocessing.rmd" used to collect the data, cleaning and preprocessing.
- The vizualisations made with Tableau and used for the final presentation are available here:
